Even this README is "Under Construction/Destruction" just figuring it out over here. 

The Differential Repeater (named after Gilles Deleuze's great work of philosophy Difference and Repetition)
is a large scale sequencer realm where sequences and patterns may be continually modified
by constructive (no overwrite) and destructive (overwrtite) algorithms. 
In order to get the most amount of steps and tracks, MIDI note data is compressed down to a byte, 
stored and then built, scaled, and sent as MIDI per step. Teensy 3.2 and 3.6 are handling all the work. 
Certain concessions (some very easy ones) were made with this apporach.
For one, the storing of velocity was thrown out entirely. In fact any MIDI message that
could be seen as 'expressive' is handled by built in LFO's or CV and passed in real-time and
not stored. It is highly unlikley that one would use this 'instrument' for surgical precision
in composition. Rather, one might hit a few notes, run some clock signals in to trigger the algorithm
and come back in a half hour or so to see what part of a contrapunctal galaxy they now have charted.
In order to get the project up and running I pilfered some handy implementation from Adafruit's
FifteenStep for things like the MIDI callback, shuffle and quantize, as well as general layout. Over the
course of development these things might end up implememnted differently but, it was a big help to get
started and helped to bring to light some things I had not thought about. So thanks to that project and
I will find out how to correctly credit that at some point. In the meantime, I'm just new at this and
not meaning to fail any protocol. 

MPE is relatively recent news to me, but it would be great to be compatible with an MPE
tolerant DAW like Bitwig.

Research is also being done on Scala tuning approaches. Having 14 bit pitchbend per note would
be very handy for some really bizarre scales.

The interface is centered around touch capacitance until it proves too error prone.

CV and gate out is in the cards, but, I'll have to learn that first. Afterall, this is my first project.



